Okay, to be back at... The greatest honor you've
ever had is to be at A&M College and do the review.
Now, when was this? In May of 1955,
when I took the review. That's one of the greatest
honors I've ever had at A&M College. Tell me about
it. Well, I was up there, and the commandant, I
forget his name now, don't come to me, told me that
he wanted me to take that review. And he instructed
me on what to salute. Of course, I was very kind to
you with the salute, but I took the instruction
from him because everybody has their own ground
rules. So I appeared there at the right time and
took the review. I was in uniform, a lot of people
there, and they introduced me and all that. That
was quite an honor.
It was quite an honor after having thought back
when that guy told you, don't you come on this
campus, you're not allowed here. Yeah, right.
And so then you came on as a general. Well, that's
all right. But anyhow, as I say, I'm proud of A&M,
I'm proud of the Marine Corps, I'm proud to love
people. See, if God just wanted you on this race,
he's all powerful. He'd let you run in. What the
hell are you going to do by yourself? Anyhow. Was
there anything else that you think that we should
talk about as far as your career or your life is
concerned? Or do you think we pretty well covered
it? Well, all you're interested in, you're not
interested in sidebar stuff. what you accomplish
as a civilian. You want that being an Aggie and in
your service. I think I've given it all to you, but
if anything else comes, you know, there are a lot of
things.
You take this ride business, that thing was
something. I hid, and when I told my commanding
general that morning at 4 o'clock when he relieved
my battalion, I commenced crying to him, saying,
look, this is the first time I've ever been king.
And he told me, he said, you better get on and quit
thinking about being a king in your battalion.
You've got a new job to do, and get on and get with it.
General Lawson, 4 o'clock in the morning. So I went
on and got with it and did his job. They never had a
Provo Mark with 47 people in the headquarters,
stockades.
I had Army personnel, I had Navy personnel, Marine
personnel. It was a job. Every now and then, I
remember one time an officer came up there. He'd
been put on report by not having the rat guards on
his ship when he landed. He commenced telling me
about he graduated the Naval Academy, never been
on a report in his life, and all of that. So I had to
answer him. I said, I didn't put you on a report. You
put yourself on a report. I said, because back at
Pearl Harbor, all those instructions are telling
you how to get into these waters and what to do when
you dock a ship. So I didn't put you on any report.
You put yourself on a report. What did he say to
that? He just hung his head and left.
That's a word to tell you, wasn't it? Because those
marines right down there with the damn camera,
boom, boom, boom. No ship guards. What's the name
of the ship? Bring all the reports, bring it all in.
I can't do nothing but after it comes in.
Then there's another guy came in there. He was
charged with stealing photographic papers.
Because I never been on a report in my life. I said,
well, you goddamn stupid son of a gun. Don't you
realize that that's not your property? Don't you
realize that that belongs to the Air Force? Well, I
see everybody else doing it. I said, but you got
caught. What do you say to that? He didn't like it.
He didn't like getting caught. Anderson, look, I
appreciate you coming and all like that, and we'll
keep in touch. Okay, great. If we feel about having
another interview, just let me know. Okay, thanks
a lot, General. But I've got to get my wife back in.
She's been in that hospital.